Threads (#104)
RalfJung/minirust: lang/thread.md

            next_block: func.start,
            next_stmt: Int::ZERO,
        };

        Self {
            state: ThreadState::Enabled,
            stack: list![init_frame],
        }
    }
}
```

Some functionality.

```rust
impl<M: Memory> Thread<M> {
    fn cur_frame(&self) -> StackFrame<M> {
        self.stack.last().unwrap()
    }

    fn mutate_cur_frame<O>(&mut self, f: impl FnOnce(&mut StackFrame<M>) -> O) -> O {
        if self.stack.is_empty() {
            panic!("`mutate_cur_frame` called on empty stack!");
        }

        let last_idx = self.stack.len() - 1;
        self.stack.mutate_at(last_idx, f)
    }

    fn mutate_stack<O>(&mut self, f: impl FnOnce(&mut List<StackFrame<M>>) -> O) -> O {
        f(&mut self.stack)
    }
}
```

## MiniRust Thread Manager

This defines the thread manager. It keeps state about threads during a step execution but also over the whole execution.
It decides which thread will perform step next.

```rust
// This is the thread manager it has state about the overall execution
// as well as the execution of a single step.
pub struct ThreadManager<M: Memory> {
    // The set of threads.
    threads: List<Thread<M>>,

>     // This is to keep state during a step.
>     active_thread: Option<ThreadId>,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    /// To avoid passing around the active thread through all the eval_ functions,
    /// we store it globally here.
    active_thread: Option<ThreadId>,
```
What does `None` mean though?

        }
    }

    pub fn new_thread(&mut self, func: Function) -> NdResult<ThreadId> {

        let thread_id = ThreadId::from(self.threads.len());

        self.threads.push(Thread::new(func));

        ret(thread_id)
    }

    // Called in the beginning of step to decide which thread gets executed next.
    pub fn schedule(&mut self) -> NdResult<()> {
        // TODO: Make this just the existing thread_ids.
        let distr = libspecr::IntDistribution {
            start: Int::ZERO,
            end: Int::from(self.threads.len()),
            divisor: Int::ONE,
        };

        let thread_id: ThreadId = pick(distr, |id: ThreadId| {
            let thread = self.threads[id];

            if thread.state != ThreadState::Enabled { return false; }

            true
        })?;

        self.active_thread = Some(thread_id);

        ret(())
    }

    pub fn terminate_active_thread(&mut self) -> NdResult {
        let active = self.active_thread.unwrap();

        if active == 0 {
            // Consistency with previous system, where the bottom
            // frame in the stack was never allowed to return.
            throw_ub!("Master thread terminated.");

>         }

Reviewer: This is a strange special case... if we need it anyway we might as well throw a nice MachineStop here?

    fn new(func: Function) -> Self {
        // Setup the initial stack frame.
        // For the main thread, well-formedness ensures that the func has
        // no return value and no arguments.
        // For any other threads, the spawn intrinsic ensures
        // that the func has no arguments.
        let init_frame = StackFrame {
            func,
            locals: Map::new(),
            caller_return_info: None,
            next_block: func.start,
            next_stmt: Int::ZERO,
        };

        Self {
            state: ThreadState::Enabled,
            stack: list![init_frame],
        }
    }
}
```

Some functionality.

```rust
impl<M: Memory> Thread<M> {
    fn cur_frame(&self) -> StackFrame<M> {
        self.stack.last().unwrap()
    }

    fn mutate_cur_frame<O>(&mut self, f: impl FnOnce(&mut StackFrame<M>) -> O) -> O {
        if self.stack.is_empty() {
            panic!("`mutate_cur_frame` called on empty stack!");
        }

        let last_idx = self.stack.len() - 1;
        self.stack.mutate_at(last_idx, f)
    }

    fn mutate_stack<O>(&mut self, f: impl FnOnce(&mut List<StackFrame<M>>) -> O) -> O {
        f(&mut self.stack)

>     }

Reviewer: This doesn't look like we need a `mutate` function? We need one when mutating things inside a GC ptr but here that is not the case.
